README.md, before:

# AI Agent Notes

> A curated list of awesome things related to AI Agents.


## Agent Frameworks

- [Agno](https://www.agno.com/) (ex phidata) - Open-source library for creating advanced multimodal agents.
- [Autogen](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/stable//index.html) - A framework for building scalable multi-agent AI systems.
- [CrewAI](https://www.crewai.com/) - Build AI agent teams that work together to tackle complex tasks
- [LangGraph](https://www.langchain.com/langgraph) - Enables agent orchestration — offering customizable architectures, long-term memory, and human-in-the-loop to reliably handle complex tasks.
- [LlamaIndex](https://www.llamaindex.ai/) - Build AI Knowledge Assistants over your data.
- [Smolagents](https://smolagents.org/) - Rapid prototyping and lightweight tasks.

## Agent Courses

- [AI Agentic Design Patterns with AutoGen](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/ai-agentic-design-patterns-with-autogen/) @ DeepLearning.AI
- [Multi AI Agent Systems with crewAI](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/multi-ai-agent-systems-with-crewai/) @ DeepLearning.AI
- [Agents Course](https://huggingface.co/learn/agents-course/unit2/langgraph/introduction) by HuggingFace 🤗
- [Building Agentic RAG with LlamaIndex](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/building-agentic-rag-with-llamaindex/) @ DeepLearning.AI

## Observability & Evaluation

- [ArizeAI](https://arize.com/)
- [LangFuse](https://langfuse.com/)
- [OpenLIT](https://openlit.io/)
- [OpenTelemetry for Generative AI](https://opentelemetry.io/blog/2024/otel-generative-ai/)
- [MLFlow](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/llms/)

Commit message:

Practical Multi AI Agents crew.ai course @ DeepLearning.AI

README.md, after:

# AI Agent Notes

> A curated list of awesome things related to AI Agents.


## Agent Frameworks

- [Agno](https://www.agno.com/) (ex phidata) - Open-source library for creating advanced multimodal agents.
- [Autogen](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/stable//index.html) - A framework for building scalable multi-agent AI systems.
- [CrewAI](https://www.crewai.com/) - Build AI agent teams that work together to tackle complex tasks
- [LangGraph](https://www.langchain.com/langgraph) - Enables agent orchestration — offering customizable architectures, long-term memory, and human-in-the-loop to reliably handle complex tasks.
- [LlamaIndex](https://www.llamaindex.ai/) - Build AI Knowledge Assistants over your data.
- [Smolagents](https://smolagents.org/) - Rapid prototyping and lightweight tasks.

## Agent Courses

- [AI Agentic Design Patterns with AutoGen](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/ai-agentic-design-patterns-with-autogen/) @ DeepLearning.AI
- [Multi AI Agent Systems with crewAI](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/multi-ai-agent-systems-with-crewai/) @ DeepLearning.AI
- [Practical Multi AI Agents and Advanced Use Cases with crewAI](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/practical-multi-ai-agents-and-advanced-use-cases-with-crewai/) @ DeepLearning.AI
- [Agents Course](https://huggingface.co/learn/agents-course/unit2/langgraph/introduction) by HuggingFace 🤗
- [Building Agentic RAG with LlamaIndex](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/building-agentic-rag-with-llamaindex/) @ DeepLearning.AI

## Observability & Evaluation

- [ArizeAI](https://arize.com/)
- [LangFuse](https://langfuse.com/)
- [OpenLIT](https://openlit.io/)
- [OpenTelemetry for Generative AI](https://opentelemetry.io/blog/2024/otel-generative-ai/)
- [MLFlow](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/llms/)
